Why do snipers need a 'spotter'?
Why does drinking a glass of water help with a dry throat or coughing? The water goes down the esophagus while the problems it seems to fix are in the trachea.
What Happens where Predators eat body parts of animals that contain large dose of Venom, like the head of a Snake or the tail of a Scorpion?
Why is Semen easier to clean with Cold water instead of Hot water?
Why does everyone say to drink lots of fluid when you have a cold?
How do we know that our translations of hieroglyphics are correct?
When does mutation mean that there is a new species?
Why can't people who have had cancer in the past donate blood?
Why do we need to use polygons in video games? What causes us to need flat polygons rather than simply having rounded shapes?
why do some people with depression lose their appetite and not eat much, while others eat more than usual?
When does a dialect become it's own language?
Why is it safe to eat veggies/fruit grown in rain water/waste water - but not drink the water by itself?
Why honey never expires?
When deleting data off hard drives to cover your tracks, why do we often see the drives physically destroyed?
What is happening to your body when you become more flexible?
Why does giving someone a transfusion of my blood to someone not give them my immunity?
What determines where a person will store the excess fat? Why it differs from person to person?
How do car dealerships make money when they claim the markup on new cars is only a few hundred dollars?
How did we "solve" the Y2K problem? Was our solution completely thorough?
When you're standing up you have 14.7PSI of atmosphere (weight of the air above you) pressing down on all the surfaces perpendicular to this force; shoulders, top of head. Lay down and you expose much more surface area to this force. How does a scale not reflect this change in surface area?
Why are bodies able to create an entire body with it's own lifetime supply of regenetive cells, but is itself unable to prevent gradual decay over a lifetime?
Every month there is a new micro SD card with more space than the last. We are fitting gigs of data when a decade ago we could only fit megabytes. But what is the theoretical limit of how much data we can store in a micro SD card? How can we keep fitting more data in smaller spaces?
Why do US based airlines lag behind in service and quality, especially in their premium cabins?
how do telescopic sight or scope in sniper rifle work? The scope is few inches higher than the bullet line so how are the bullet hit the mark in the scope?
What is terrorism? What are the boundaries of terrorism, and how is it classified?
Why did avocados become so popular all of a sudden?
If font 'points' are a fixed size (1/72"), why does one font at 10 pt (e.g. Calibri) look appreciably smaller than another (e.g. Verdana) at the same point size?
How complex are animal 'languages'?
How do plants crack rock and concrete?
Why do Japenese put extra words after names in sentences sometime?
How much time have to pass before grave robbing is considered archeology?
Why does saliva sometimes shoot from a person's mouth when they're yawning?
Why are companies removing the head phone jack?
If nuclear fallout is such a huge concern. How are nations able to test nuclear weapons within their borders.
why are eggs lumped in with dairy?
How is the observable universe 46.6 billion light years wide if the universe is only 13.7 billion years old? Should we only be able to see 13.7 billion light years away since that's all the light that could possibly reach us in that time?
Why do websites require complex passwords when anyone trying to brute-force guess your password would get locked out after a few failed attempts?
Why do some websites prevent me from putting a number at the start of my username?
How do people in India know which caste I am?
Why do backs crack sometimes and other times they don't?
Why is "hello world" always the first thing you write on computer programming applications?
Why does sitting with correct posture feel less comfortable?
Why is KiloByte not 1000 bytes?
How do doctors detect Down Syndrome in pregnancy?
Do people who sleep deeply get more quality rest than a "light" sleeper?
Gravity aids us in our digestion. However, in space, how is food digested? Does it float around in your digestive system?
How are blood cells formed inside the bone marrow?
Why does something having no face/minimal features make it cute?
Voices usually sound tired early in the morning. What's the best way to "wake up" our voices quickly?
Why does charcoal work so well at absorbing things? I.E. stomach pumping and water filters?
Why is it that when we eat something too much we start to dislike it?
How quickly do you lose fat when you burn Calories? If you were at a Calorie deficit, and then you burned 350 Calories from fat alone through exercise, would you instantly be 1/10th pound lighter afterward? Or is it a slower process?
Why does bar soap seem to dry out my skin, but liquid soap doesn't?
Are there planets in interstellar/intergalactic space?
Why was there such a debate between Edison's DC and Tesla's AC?
Why does it appear that a disproportionate number of homeless people are older men?
Can LSD desensitize the receptors it binds to, thus causing biologically based mental problems, either tempory or permanent?
What is it about music that humans like?
How did Enigma cracking machine know it cracked Enigma?
How do we biologically "lose" energy as we age?
Why are animals with slightly different genetic traits considered separate species but humans with slightly different genetic traits are not?
Why do they make 'normal' cars that go faster than the speed limits? e.g. Hyundai i10 that goes up to 150mph
Why does cold water splashed on your back feel more intense than other areas of your body?
Why do so many viruses have similar symptoms?
Why do we tend to "like" negative news/information more than positive one?
why do people care about the difference between shaken and stirred?
Why is fighting allowed in hockey but it almost all other team sports fighting will land you a suspension/fine?
What causes 'house noises', and when does it become dangerous?
How did my new HP printer connected itself to my wifi network without me giving it its name and password?
Why, when you drink a hot beverage containing sugar, does it taste bitter after eating something sweet?
What is the difference between cosmology, astrophysics and astronomy?
why are unmanned planes/helicopters named after male bees?
Why are lots of movies released on the same day?
Some diseases show symptoms at the point of contact, (like Herpes) but why do others show most prominently in one spot? For example, why does Strep Throat affect the throat most obviously when certainly it is not the part of the body that first has contact with Streptococcal?
How do our bodies treat artificial sweeteners?
Why do we laugh?
Why is seasalt mostly sodium chloride? What made sodium chloride more common than other kinds of salt?
How/Why does yawning affect our ears?
How do scholars know what an artist was "feeling" or thinking while painting, how can they really confirm the artists intentions behind a piece of art?
Why is is so difficult for us to do something when we wake up early and why do we lose the will to do it even though we though we were interested?
Is it ever possible for all currencies to hold the same value? If yes, how? If no, why not?
How did we become to trust banks with all our money?
Why does the US have multiple law enforcement organisations who work independently from each other?
If you need the highest level of security clearance to access one compartment of information who sorts the information into compartments?
Why do download speeds often get 'stuck'?
Do fish drink water and if so, how?
Why do all of the actual pictures of Saturn appear to be digitally render and sorta fake?
Can an ''unhealthy'' body be restored?
How does the US government's emergency disaster response work? Why is it so dependent on the President?
would someone please explain how a water tower works?
How do underwater cables like the ones across the Atlantic Ocean work?
I just can't wrap my head around Saussure's sign, signifier, and signified theory. What are they?
Why do soldiers need to break step on bridges so it doesn't collapse but people in a club can dance to the beat of the music with no such consequence to the building?
Why is it more difficult to detect/smell our own body odor?
How do body wash and shampoo differ?
During a supernova, at what point does the implosion of a star change to an explosion, and what causes this shift?
What does it mean for a country to have the amount of debt Argentina has?
